Add instruction on how to test a pull request change (#718)
jenkins-infra/pipeline-library: README.adoc

* (Open)JDK v8
* Maven 3.6.x

=== HowTo test a pull request change

> By adding `@Library('pipeline-library@pull/<your-pr-number>/head') _` at the top of a Jenkinsfile from a repository builded on one of the *.ci.jenkins.io instances, you can test in situ your pipeline library pull request.

Reviewer: Phrasing change for your consideration
```suggestion
By adding `@Library('pipeline-library@pull/<your-pr-number>/head') _` at the top of a Jenkinsfile from a repository built on one of the *.ci.jenkins.io instances, you can test your pipeline library pull request on ci.jenkins.io.
```
